{"time":6621.899999976158,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":"I'm going to turn off the screensaver and Windows XP just by using keyboard comments"}
{"time":12916.699999988079,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" so launching the start menu navigating to the control panel"}
{"time":24832.19999998808,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" I'm making sure to switch to the classic control panel view"}
{"time":28435,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" because I believe that's easier to use"}
{"time":37924.5,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" with the cursor keys I'm navigating to them display settings icon and opening the display settings"}
{"time":44331.299999952316,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" I need to select the screen cyber tab"}
{"time":58130.09999996424,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" and then select the non-screen saver"}
{"time":68805.59999996424,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" key press the key up until I'm arriving at non"}
{"time":77430.69999998808,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" closing the dialogue by hitting enter"}
{"time":89130.39999997616,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" now I need to navigate to the power settings also using the cursor keys King enter to open the"}
{"time":101113.89999997616,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" selecting the always on power scheme"}
{"time":112825.79999995232,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" focusing The Turn Of monitor settings and"}
{"time":119521.89999997616,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" using the classic piece until the never option is selected here"}
{"time":123813.89999997616,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" again close to the end of my hitting enter"}
{"time":132790,"event":"voice-annotation","annotation":" now I can close the control panel by hitting control w"}